1. gcc man page:

a. gcc -c hello.s: This command is used to commit the "hello.s" file without linking it. Although the assembly of code is done. The output file is created as hello.o
b. gcc -S hello.i: This command is used to stop after commit stage of "hello.i". Assembly is not completed at this point. The output is the file hello.s
c. gcc -E hello.c: This command stop the gcc cycle of "hello.c" at preprocessing stage. It returns that preprocessed source code of "hello.c"
d. gcc hello.c -o hello: -o flag is set to declare the name of the output file. That mean instead of creating a.out file which is default, it creates "hello" file which can be executed by ./hello
e. gcc -v: This command is used to print the specifications of gcc in terminal including their version.

2. Vim man page:

a. vim -e: This command is used to degrade vim version to vi. You can use visual to move back to vim version
b. vim -R: This command is used to read a file in read only mode. It gives a warning when tried to write.
c. :wq!,:wq,:x : All these commands are used to store the changes made in the file and store them.
d. :q! : This command is used to save the file ignoring any made changes
e. :q : This commands save the file and quit if no changes are made.
f. i: It is used to insert before the cursor.
g. I: This commands help move the cursor to starting of the line.
h. a: It is used to append text after cursor.
i. A: To write after the line.
j. o: New line after current line.
h. O: New line before current line.
i. r: Replace one character.
j. R: It replaces multiple characters until escape is not pressed.

3. Normal linux commands:

a. ls: ls commands are used to list all the directories and file under the present working directory.
b. pwd: This command is used to tell the name of the present working directory.
c. ls -a: Flag "-a" helps the command to display all the files, even which are hidden
d. ls -l: Flag "-l" helps the command to display all the information about the file including their permissions.
e. ls -al: Flag '-al' does the combined work ofk of '-a' and '-l' flag.
f. cd: This command is used to change the present working directory.
g. cd ..: This command is used to move back one directory.
h. cd #,cd: These commands are used to home directory.
i. mkdir: This command is used to create a new directory in the pwd.
j. mkdir C -m: This command is used to set permissions for "c" like chmod.
k. rm: This command is used to remove the files but cannot remove directories.
l. rm -r: This command can remove directories along with their content.
m. rm -f: This command remove the file or directory without any permission.
n. rm -rf /: One of the most dangerous commands which remove root directory without permision.
o. cp try1.txt try2.txt: This command is used to copy data of try1.txt to try2.txt.
p. mv: This command can be used for 2 purposes. First will bw to move the file form one directory to another. Second will be two rename them.
q. 
